Introduction:

  Get statistics of the webcam dataset, especially how many images there
  are.  
  
  Then motivate the need to automatically find images that
  represent the diversity of a given scene.

  Then introduce the rest of the paper:
    Have many images.  Need to find interesting variants.
    But there is much variance in controlled ways, so:
     use PCA to find and index images by common variation.

    PCA offers tool to approximately reconstruct images, so we look at
     various ways of characterizing the residual (the part of the image
     not reconstructed).

PCA:
  Describe the PCA method.

  Show an example image, and the reconstruction of it (and the
  corresponding resudual error) with 1,2,3,4,5 principle components.

  Also state that we use incremental PCA, with citation to Matthew Brand
  Incremental SVD paper.

Section 3: Visualization tools.

  End of first paragraph.  What does PCA setup mean?  Do you mean PCA of
  different sets of images, or PCA of different parts of an image.

3.1 Setup.
  Bad section title.

  The data set is too large?  Not really, we are already using
  incremental PCA (or we could be).  The problem is that we are
  interested in subtle changes, not the day to night changes or the
  cloud variation.
  
  3.1.2 Can you do a test showing how much the sky variation is (or
  justifying the need for the sky mask).  e.g. you have a sky mask... Do
  PCA on the pixels in the sky mask (with, say 10 components) and show
  the singular values decay very slowly (given the S matrix,
  plot(diag(S)).  Then do PCA on the pixels on the ground w/ 10
  components, and plot(diag(S)) and show the components decay more
  slowly.

  3.1.3 
   don't know what you are going at with the 76,800 pixels.  
   ...the reason to study the gradient image is because it ignores changes
   in overall image intensity, while retaining the scene structure.

   "the x and y derivatives of an image are *approximated as* I_x...
 
3.2 intro.

   I understand there is an ordering problem... you want to introduce
   visualizations in order to make the next section easier.  But you
   can't have a forward pointer as your motivation.  Instead, could say:
 
   "In this section we present ways to visualize image data; first as a
   montage of pre-picked images, then as an interactive GUI that
   highlights image variations."

3.2.1 Even this naive image montage has some function (sorted by largest
residual error?).  You might compare to a set of random images (which,
by chance should be most boring).

3.2.2 Instead of "Intelligent", can it "Well-Separated Set Montage".

3.3 Title: "Characteristics of Image Residuals"

Figure 3.10: Need to have axis labels.

Section 3.3.4: "Statistical Distribution of Residaul Images"


Section 4. Future Work: probably save this till the end...  As you find
things that you don't have time to test, you could put them in here.